### ['Tis correct, without falsehood, certain and most true.](http://www.portaelucis.fr/)

#### Hi there. Welcome. <br> Here lies my personal projects. It contains a lot of stuff I did during my graduation. Some of them were almost lost in time, if wasn't for Google Drive and very obscure pendrives I still somehow have, gathering dust and cobwebs until now. <br> Some of these projects remained untouched as eons passed and civilizations flourished and fell. Because of this, I will be spending some time reviewing them before posting, be it to fix the code itself or the grammar. <br> This will explain the gaps between commits and uploads.

#### If the projects uploaded here are unfinished, I will also dedicate a few hours trying to finish them properly. Most - if not all - begun with getting good grades in mind, and nothing else. <br> Ironically, I started having fun and fell in love with programming, so some might look *a little too advanced* for a strictly educational purpose POV.

#### UPDATE 08/26/2023: So I remembered why some of them look *a little too advanced*. Not only you will find college projects and personal projects, but bits of what I did during my time as a freelancer. From 2020 to 2022, there was this yearly event for the IT students called "Tech Week", where several companies gathered to promote bootcamps and temporary job opportunities. I have joined many of them in those 2 years, so I believe it counts as work experience. They were about software development and cybersecurity - and it was when I got interested to improve further on the subject as a Postgraduate student. CI/CD/ MVC, SCRUM and other techniques, as well as instructions in DevOps, were also applied. The codes uploaded here are not the entire proposals, mind you, as I do not have proper permission from the companies, and signed a NDA with two of them. So, whenever I write about a company in a case study, I will be using fake names. The codes uploaded here will present, of course, the solution to the problem, but not the entire application.

#### If you have any questions, please read the comments and the README files. I  do write a lot to spare people's time with my ramblings during interviews.

#### However, if you still have any after reading them, all I ask is to endure my chatty ways when I start talking about something I love.

##### Oh, I almost forgot: <br> There is something else here... <br> Four hints. <br> Have fun.